hello and welcome to ask uh google ads
expert
anything i'm going to be joined shortly
by leo from clique agency in australia
so if you're watching this replay later
fast forward a few minutes and let's see
if i can
invite him to be my co-host hey liam i
see you there
um i want you to be
my co-host well first i'll invite you as
a guest and then we'll see what we can
do from there and hi shock illuminated
faith hi i'm seeing so many familiar
faces we are really excited to dive into
google ads with you this evening for me
and this morning for liam we are on
opposite ends of the world but we both
love google ads and so that's what we
are here to speak to you about together
this evening i'm really excited because
it is rare that i get to meet other
google ads experts and get to talk shop
with them and so you will get to watch
us do that and then of course ask us any
questions
you might have for us
uh so we're just gonna wait for liam to
come live with me right now in the
meantime if you have any questions at
all please feel free to ask us in the
comments we are here to answer your
questions
thank you so much for the likes we
really appreciate that
okay
let's see if we can figure out the tech
here for everybody okay i've invited
liam so liam if you can see this you've
been invited to
join the live
uh so for those who may not know us my
name is jill i used to work at google
for six years and now i am a consultant
coach and teacher so i teach people how
to run google ads whether you're a
business owner or a marketer
and then i also teach i actually taught
for three hours today at jelly academy
and i'm seeing a notification
here it says go
and he's
live from australia
hello
how are we doing
how are you
yeah i'm doing great thanks for asking
pretty pretty excited to kind of jump on
here
i'm really excited as well so for those
who may not know liam actually is the
first time we're speaking we exchanged a
few emails to uh set this up but we saw
each other's content on tick tock and
it's rare with the other google ads
experts on tick tock and so we wanted to
get together here this evening for me
and this morning for you to talk all
things google ads so thank you for
joining me
so it is super exciting to go ahead and
talk to somebody else just um especially
in such a remote world these days um
people are so far away from each other
so it is really rare that i get to talk
to somebody else um in in the kind of
space so it's cool it's definitely
exciting to be here
well i thought we could start if you
want just a quick intro who you are and
what you do i'll do uh nature what i do
and then if people have questions please
type them in the chat and otherwise i
know i have lots of things i would love
to talk to liam about so why don't you
go ahead and introduce yourself first
um yeah so
i own a uh marketing agency a google ads
agency called click agency based on the
gold coast australia but we are building
a remote team so i'm the only one within
located within australia
i've been lucky enough to actually pick
up some ex-googlers like yourself jill
and so they're working on my team and
we're just kind of bringing some
kick-ass results for our clients which
is pretty cool so all we focus in on is
google ads
um but the kind of it's it's kind of a
long story coming and coming around i
used to be a business owner i used to
import atms out of korea put them into
bars nightclubs that kind of thing
um this was it was super cool but my
biggest struggle was actually finding
clients and selling the clients um and
that what's kind of got me into this
google ads kind of space because i was
like okay cool i need to figure out this
client acquisition thing
and then i'm like okay cool this is
really powerful i want to help do this
for other people as well
that's so cool so you started using
google ads as a way to grow your own
business and then you're like maybe
running google ads is the business
yeah pretty much pretty much
so
yeah good going a long way around it but
yes um that's that's what happened so it
was pretty cool it was pretty cool very
cool and when did you get started
creating content on tick tock
um so i've been going for probably on
about a year now um i've been
i've been extremely lucky
uh a lot of my clients have actually
found me through tick-tock and that's
kind of
um
it's quite amazing the amount of people
and the amount of reach that you can
actually get
um you know you you can post a single
tick tock and it can be seen by a
hundred thousand or five hundred
thousand people
in an instant and then you know you get
five ten fifteen people actually hit you
up and say hey come work for us you know
so
um i've been extremely lucky with that
uh
yeah it's cool
great so good to hear i'm actually i
start today's actually my one year
anniversary of my first ever pick talk
and i've also got a bunch of clients
from here so for those who don't know me
i'm jill i used to work at google and
now i am a digital marketing consultant
coach and teacher um so i do not run
google ads for people although that's
the number one request i get when people
do reach out to me from tick tock but i
teach people how to manage their own
google ads i teach at digital marketing
schools i coach marketing teams i'm kind
of teaching people how to
fish so
that is that i thought i had one
question that i'm gonna go back to for a
sec from hustle grind skate if i run
search ads and i check on the settings
for search and display partners can i
see a report of the placements where my
search ads were
displayed
the answer to that is no you can see
what's served in search partners and
what's served in google search but you
don't know what those partners are
unless liam you know a secret that i
don't
um
no
no i don't i don't think i actually do
what i would kind of recommend is
actually segmenting it out there's
there's a little segment button that you
can go at the campaign level and then
you can go it by the different networks
and you can actually see if it's
performing for you or not
um it's definitely a good way to kind of
capture that traffic but you kind of
want to have a good mindset about it and
make sure it's actually profitable for
you you know so turn it on for a little
bit maybe leave it running for a month
and see if actually some clicks some
conversions come through
but if it's not working for you just
switch it off and keep keep doing what
you're doing
absolutely and so if others have
questions please feel free to drop it in
but now that i get to be in the room
virtually with another google ads expert
i would love to know if you have been
running any performance max campaigns
liam and if so what you think of them
i have been i've actually i've loved it
um it's super exciting to kind of take
this full funnel approach towards
advertising because it's
pushing traffic towards the you know
seven different networks essentially you
know you've got good uh gmail you've got
youtube you've got display you've got
shopping in there um i've noticed it
works a hell of a lot better for
e-commerce on that side
i haven't really i haven't really had
any good lead gen accounts kind of uh go
up there but we're actually
we're kind of building out those
accounts anyway and it's really cool to
kind of see
what a google pro like yourself would
actually kind of set up naturally
in an account
be done by one single campaign but kind
of recommendation for anybody have
enough budget behind it to go ahead and
spill it out into all those different
kind of networks because otherwise
you're just going to choke it and it's
never going to work for you so got to
make sure at least a hundred dollars a
day on budget so
100 a day is what you're recommending to
people as a minimum for performance max
yeah so that's what i'm kind of
recommending just because kind of
you know you've got your shirt your
search your remarketing you've got your
different shopping and everything like
that if it's anything underneath that
hundred dollars a day within my agency i
haven't really seen the results there is
that kind of four or five week rocky
period at the very stop but to get past
that it's kind of happy days
and i guess that's the harder part for
small business owners is they have a
smaller budget and
the three to four weeks you just have to
get past is a lot harder to stomach when
you're
when you have less money to spend
as well
and so curious so whenever people ask me
how much money do i need to spend on
google ads i always say that a bare
minimum
is 200
a day um for at least 30 days as like a
bare minimum floor but i just made that
up so i'm curious how do you answer when
people ask you like what's the bare
minimum budget for google ads
so i've worked in
pre in i used to work in a uh an agency
called disrupt digital within australia
here now they were one of the largest um
google ads agency within australia and
they're literally there for law price
they wouldn't take anybody on unless
they were running twenty dollars a day
at a bare minimum um they were mass
volume they had probably
two thousand two thousand five hundred
clients at any one time
so yes
well quite a lot a large agency but it
really depends on how much you're
actually traffic you're kind of trying
to capture
um if you're just running a single brand
campaign and like a prospecting campaign
um just on search 20 a day should be
should be suffice to go ahead and get
your feet wet and make you feel a bit
more comfortable with the system and how
it actually works and then from there as
soon as you start to see the leads and
the sales come through that's when you
slowly start to scale it up i don't
think there's any hard or fast kind of
number you can say this is it this is
the bare minimum it's more about what
you feel comfortable losing for the
first few months you know because it
could definitely lose
you know so absolutely good and that's
also you know
this really big balancing act is like
you need to spend enough so that like
the machine learning can start to learn
and do its thing and so you can figure
out what works but like not so much that
if it doesn't work it kills your
business
yeah definitely definitely
we've got some questions in here
let's see um there's one that's not on
the google ads topic so sorry history
enforcer um we're going to skip that one
a little bit hustle grinds kate is
saying i tried performance max for b2b
and had a hard time getting delivery i
run performance max for b2b as well for
lee jen i should say
and
here's the it did the performance
campaign performed well like the only
conversion tracking that account had is
does someone fill out the lead form or
not and so from that perspective it
drove amazing lead volume
was the quality there no it wasn't
piss-poor but like it wasn't as good as
i'd want it to be but i don't fall
performance max for that that's on the
conversion tracking for not being set up
we you know what you ideally want to do
is feedback into google ads which clicks
which leads turned out to be quality
versus not and we didn't have that in
place so that was why i didn't want to
scale it up even though objectively it
was like the best cpas we've ever seen
well there's there's been some cool
things that we've actually been doing
within the agency here for some of our
legion clients um
around
all those spam clicks that kind of come
through and people that are just like
really low quality leads
um
in on your
on your lead form you want to have have
a few questions in there
so it goes ahead and weeds out all those
smaller people
but there will always be that one
question and sometimes it's around
budget or it could be
this that or whatever service and what
you actually want to do is split out
your forms so if they answer the right
question and say your budget's over ten
thousand dollars a month we'll send them
to thank you page a
and then
if it's under ten thousand dollars a
month you send them to thank you page b
and so you're only sending the
conversions back
of the leads that are qualified now you
can go ahead and send the other leads
back to google but you don't want to
include them in your optimization so
there's a little check checkbox that you
can tick off and so you make sure you're
only optimizing towards qualified leads
which is super cool um and i can
definitely find that that helps uh build
up that quality of leads because there
are people that just go out onto the
internet and just fill out forms
[Laughter]
yeah
so true
um there was a question here that a
commenter has answered that yes the big
promotion we've been seeing at least in
north america is the 600 ad credit but
the way google ads credit always works
is whatever the credit is you have to
spend that first so
yay six hundred dollars but you have to
spend six hundred dollars to get six
hundred dollars so it used to be like
150 dollars but you only had to spend
150 to get the 150 is there a similar
promo in australia right now
yeah so it is 600
at the same time here which which is
pretty cool
same thing um we had it down it was like
for quite a while and that was like the
three or four years that they were kind
of promoting that now i did see that in
america there was this period of time it
was like two three months um around
covert where they were actually giving
away a thousand dollars of um ad spend
for free which was pretty cool um but
obviously
spend that over i think it's a three
month period that they gave you um
but yeah it's pretty exciting to go
ahead and help bring on these new people
into into google ads which is super
exciting um but you just definitely want
to make sure you stay away from those
smart campaigns because those are a
killer and you'll definitely waste your
dollars
well keller and just a smart campaign
when you first create a google ads
account it automatically forces you to
create a smart campaign and a smart
campaign what i call a dumb campaign um
i hate those things too
it's not a real search campaign but they
make it seem like it is it's like
yeah um
there's so many times that i've gone
ahead and jumped into an account and
they'll they'll still be on the smart
campaign and they'll be spending 10 20
grand and i'm like okay cool
we have no control over this kind of
system at the moment we can't even see
where your dollars and cents are kind of
being spent you know like if we switch
over to this expert mode we can actually
go ahead and
squeeze every bit of juice out of this
line for you so
absolutely and there's a ga4 question
here i'm starting to set up ga4 but i
can't see it inside google ads am i
doing it wrong but with ua you can so
google analytics and google ads play
very nicely together but you have to
link them together so you may have set
up ga4 but you have to actually link ga4
to google ads in order to then see that
data in there as well and instead of
having
bounce rate and time on site instead ga4
has
engagement rate and engaged time on site
so it's a little bit
different how's that been working for
you in your agency liam do you help
clients with google analytics through
google tag manager or like just google
ads and that's it
so we do go ahead and scratch the
service on google analytics we make sure
it's actually set up correctly as we're
kind of on boarding somebody um we do
google tag manager for all the
conversion tracking those kind of things
which is pretty pretty much the nicest
way to do it but when we're kind of
setting up our accounts and kind of
auditing them we'll make sure that we've
got
both conversion tracking coming from ua
and google ads at the same time and then
we can kind of compare the metrics 90 of
the time just the baseline google ads
conversion tracking works best but you
always want to kind of uh compare those
those two metrics just to make sure that
there's nothing funny kind of happening
on your website or anything like that
now i haven't actually played around
with ga for
too much yet i feel like it's um
it's definitely
in the future we will kind of venture
out into that but i've been in been in a
few accounts and it just is not enough
kind of things to actually play around
with compared to ua
you know
it's tricky to get used to i'm trying to
force myself whenever i have something i
want to check google analytics for i
force myself to check my ga4 first
because i have them both installed on my
website and my course platform now
and i try to answer my question with ga4
and i'd say 50 of the time i give up and
i go back to ua but i try as much as i
can to get you so the engagement metrics
are cool the fact that you can track
clicks or like video views
just like as an event as a conversion
without needing google tag manager is
pretty cool um it's supposed to do cross
device much better i haven't really dug
into that a ton yet so promising but we
are all we are all struck with ga4 i see
that in the comments yeah we are all
struggling absolutely
something else i would love to ask you
oh sorry go ahead
oh i just think it's that we've been so
used to universal analytics for so long
and we've been using it for so long that
we're like oh what is this new interface
you know but i feel like there's a
little bit of dumbing down of everything
they're making it more user-friendly for
the end consumer which is great and
that's what i kind of want to see
at the end of the day is more people
being able to use these tools to help
grow their own businesses yeah so that's
the goal of it all i say we talked a
little bit about performance max earlier
how we're both using it liking it for
e-commerce we both hate smart campaigns
i would love to hear your thoughts about
broad match keywords and um whether or
not you use them and what's your opinion
on them i'm hitting on all the
polarizing topics for ppc experts
uh broad match is good
but in a controlled environment
um
yeah so
i would i would usually start out a
campaign using a lot of phrase an exact
match if you know um but if we're kind
of maxing out on all that traffic you
know all the search terms are actually
looking really nice we're getting no
irrelevant clicks coming through and you
do want to kind of find those outlying
topics just to kind of squeeze some more
leads or sales coming through at the end
of the day i would actually start out
its own campaign with its own dedicated
budget
and set it to just broad match keywords
and kind of import the negative keyword
list so we're not getting kind of
anything that we've already
figured out previously
um and just kind of watch it like a hawk
just sit sit on that account every
single day go through those search terms
and actually
find those keywords that are
really performing that you never would
have thought about and import them back
into that original campaign you know
maybe you're just throwing five dollars
at this other this broad match campaign
um now i have had some good experiences
actually getting accounts from people
where they've just put broad match in by
mistake and it's one of the highest
performing actually keywords in there
and that's 100 fine if that's kind of
already working i'm just going to leave
it in there i just kind of check those
search terms religiously you know i feel
like
the ai the magical google ai that's out
there after a while it kind of figures
out what actually converts and so we
eventually get down the line to you know
an eight week and eight week kind of
period and it just kind of latches on to
who they actually know will
convert
i actually have a very similar approach
to you if i am auditing account or
looking at an account with the business
owner and they're already using broad
match and it's performing well then i'll
say like look a lot of people would not
adopt the strategy but you're already
doing it it's working for you it's not
broke let's not fix it um and i like
your idea of sort of the phishing
campaign as you call it i normally use
like a dynamic ad group for that dynamic
search ads rather than broad munch but i
agree it's a great way to find stuff you
might never think of as being a keyword
but that actually is really well over
your business and driving international
traffic so okay we don't have a broad
match hater we don't have a bra much
lover we have a broad match um cautious
a doctor
um cautious very cautious you know what
i mean i'm just i'm scared of wasting
that spend because that's what 90 of
people come to me to fix
and so i want to make sure that we're
not wasting any ad spend in any of any
of my accounts
absolutely and so joe actually said here
um would you run an ad campaign for a
business send me prices joe you can drop
into liam's dms uh if you'd like to hire
direct campaigns for you and then a
follow-up question for joe any advice
for a pest control company to run an ad
campaign and we have another request
similar after a different business so a
pest control
company
what would we recommend
um i've actually
i'm actually running a pest control
company out of sydney at the current
moment it's been spending about 10 grand
a month um
if you've been in business for any kind
of period of time pest control companies
will be able to kind of spend those
dollars um we're actually seeing some
really good conversion rates we're at
31.58
conversion rate at this current moment
over the last 30 days um
your clicks are gonna be around six
bucks but that's in sydney can be
different all over the world you know
obviously like that um for that ten
grand we're getting about
500 500 conversions a month which is
turning into leads which is pretty cool
um biggest thing biggest thing is you
want to put them into kind of a squeeze
page and that's what we've kind of found
works best and you keep on iterating um
your messaging on this landing page
until you kind of find what works
what i've personally found what works is
money back guarantees and um
people are really concerned about if
it's safe for pets or children small
children
so just have messaging on your landing
page about that but feel free to jump
into my dms i can show you a landing
page which has already been really
optimized and you can kind of steal that
and kind of use it for your own business
yeah that's an awesome offer and here
i'll take this next one i want to sell
crazy in the usa says i want to sell 300
000 copies of an ebook i just wrote any
advice i mean i wouldn't go straight to
google ads to achieve that if you can
create some great tick tock content and
get out there booktalk is a real thing
um if wanting to use google ads hmm i
might recommend something like youtube
rather than search ads because i don't
think people probably like waking up in
the morning and searching for whatever
your ebook's about it's probably not a
solution to a problem so you need to
proactively get in front of them and
entice them and because there are so
many ebooks out there using kind of the
sights and emotion of video would be a
great way to get just that really wide
reach um
quickly and introducing and engaging
people more i don't know what do you
think liam other ideas for selling a new
book
i would i would uh start on social or or
youtube or something along those lines
rather than going to google google is
beautiful for bottom of funnel but it's
really hard to go ahead and generate
interest you cannot go ahead and force
somebody to search for what you're
selling you know so
you might be able to go ahead and find
some keywords out there but if you if
your goal is 300 000 downloads it's a
big number so i'll definitely start with
other kind of methods of reaching out
before kind of utilizing google ads
yeah try something like that you know
organic first and page should follow so
if you're posting on tick tock or
posting youtube videos or posting on
instagram and then some piece of content
takes off then start putting some ad
dollars behind that content that's
really working to get it to reach more
people
yeah definitely
questionnaire from beauty views on max
performance campaign question mark
not sure what the question is there so
why don't you give us a bit more
detail um we have two people
here who are both trying to reach
business owners samir has a woocommerce
plug-in uh samir wants to drive
downloads and then drum jay designs
fashion for retail stores b2b wants
target business owners let's broaden
this a bit for everyone so a lot of
people want to advertise b2b but
specifically they're trying to reach
business owners or small business owners
what are kind of one or two ways um that
you would suggest people reach small
business owners through google ads and
i'll share some ideas as well
um there's there's definitely ways to go
ahead and reach these small business
owners you can
you can always
do a whole bunch of keyword research and
try to find what people are actually
searching for
you would be quite surprised people will
literally type into google
x products for business owners or ex
product for sms small business owners
those kind of keywords are you kind of
golden nuggets and you want to be kind
of capturing that traffic
um but it sounds like there's a lot of
um
uh
more audience targeting that you're
actually trying to get to and that's
where social can actually be great i'm
definitely not against social um but it
is definitely a harder slog than doing
google ads because google ads is
focusing all on that bottom of the
funnel traffic
yeah
yeah some audiences if you're trying to
reach small business owners through
audience targeting and you want to do it
in google ads a few things that i like
to do especially for samir who's a
woocommerce plug-in is you can create a
custom audience in google ads based on
either things people have searched for
or websites they visit or apps they have
on their phone um so one that i like to
do is i will create an audience of
people who have apps on their phone like
the shopify app the woocommerce app the
wix stores app because that suggests
that they're an ecommerce business owner
otherwise why would they have the app on
their phone and then you can reach those
people on youtube or discovery um so
that's one of my little
i don't want to say it's a hack it's
like a very common feature google ads
but a lot of people don't know that you
can do that so that's something that um
that i recommend for reaching small
business owners and then not even
thinking that creatively google has
pre-built audiences for people who have
just started a business it's called
business creation life event and so that
can be another good one to target people
who have recently started a business
yeah that's a that's that's definitely a
bang out of a hack
like you know this hack do the thing the
way it was designed to be done there's a
hack for you
i'm not scared of using the word hack at
all i uh i definitely use it i've
noticed that i've noticed that it works
it works
um
yeah
they want the tips and the tricks you
know
exactly
exactly well i guess on that note what
are some of your favorite
hacks like if someone's like you know
okay tell me something about google ads
i don't know like what is what's some of
liam's best google ads hacks let's hear
it
all right so
my biggest one for e-commerce this is
for the e-commerce clients out there um
dsa plus rlsa so that's a dynamic search
ads with a remarketing list attached to
that
so essentially what you can do is get
people in
on branding campaigns on shopping
campaigns or even a performance max
campaign
and bring them into your website as soon
as they start interacting with your
products it goes ahead and tags those uh
kind of users
and then this dsa plus rlsa campaign
will go out onto the google search
platform and kind of sit out there and
just wait for somebody that's been to
your website already and then to type
something else that's already on your
website so it's bringing these people
back into your website
for cents on the dollar essentially um
we use that across pretty much all our
uh eco ecommerce clients and it
it really it really gets conversions it
really gets conversions so
yeah that's that
you mentioned you have some ex googlers
who work in your agency and i remember a
few years ago
that was like a big thing pitching to
everyone but by the way it's still a
good thing today i'm not like well that
was like that was when i first started
hearing about that and it's a great
tactic absolutely
yeah um something related to that that i
also recommend is sometimes people want
to do what we call a conquesting
campaign where you advertise when people
are searching for your competitors but
it can be really expensive to do so so
conquesting plus
or let's say can be effective because
that means you only want to advertise
when people are searching for your
competitors if that person's already
been to your website before so you're
not trying to take someone who's never
heard about you and try to convert them
on a competitor keyword but if they have
been to your website before and they're
scoping out the competition then you
want to show an ad there to try to bring
them back and on top of that you want to
send them to like a comparison page
you want it to be like your service
versus their service because that'll
increase your quality score and make
your cost per clicks cheaper because if
you're just sending them straight to
your home page and you the only thing
you've changed is a bit of ad copy
you're going to have a really low
quality score because you're not being
seen as relevant and your cost per click
is going to be through the roof so
throwing that little comparison page on
top will really make that stuff on fire
that's a good point liam because i think
people are often scared to do these like
hardcore comparison pages where it's not
just like us and the other guys like
naming your competitors showing why
you're better and why they should pick
you and like you can absolutely do that
it is
here's a hack that feels illegal to know
like it's totally legal to do that um
and again if someone was searching for
your competitor it's not enough for them
just click on the ad that's just them
walking in your front door
that's not them perfecting from you you
need to continue to guide them along
like that so excellent
there
they're literally naturally doing that
anyway within their own head and you're
just prevented you're just showing the
information for them in a nice website
and it makes them more likely to
actually pick you so definitely
recommend that
oh yeah drum jay app to re-summarize the
whole b2b targeting thing this whole
replay is going to be up on my youtube
channel i'll post it like within half an
hour after we're done so you can go
watch that part again to see how we
talked about how to reach b2b audiences
on google
um hustle grind skate wants to know how
do you improve expected click-through
rate expected click-through rate is one
part of quality score right yes expected
qual expected click-through rate is one
part of quality score and actually
google says the most important part of
quality score and all that means by the
way is just
are people clicking on your ad if
google's going to show your ad are
people going to click on it because of
course google only makes money when
people click on the ads and you as an
advertiser only get traffic when people
click on ads and then users although
everyone claims they don't click on ads
people like to click on ads when it's
showing them something that's really
relevant um and the best predictor of
your expected click-through rate is your
historical click-through rate so when
people ask me how to improve
click-through rate the two things i talk
about are are you showing your ads to
the right people
and is creative enticing enough to them
because if you're not showing us to the
right people they won't click on your ad
and then even if you're reaching the
right people your ad has to convince
them that they should click on yours
versus someone else's so those are the
two things i tell people is just
look if your click-through rate is not
good your expected click rate's not good
revisit your targeting your keywords or
your audiences is it the right thing
and your negatives and exclusions
alongside that and then revisit your ad
just because you have an excellent ad
strength it doesn't mean you actually
have an excellent ad you have to have
really strong copy that convinces people
to click
yeah what i can definitely recommend on
that is to actually go out onto the
search engine and google what keywords
you're actually presenting on you want
to be looking at your competitors their
ad copy and seeing how they're
addressing the market and you want to
go through each headline each
description each site link extension
absolutely everything and kind of see
how you can one-up
everybody else because there's
all too often i come into brand new
accounts or accounts that have been
running for years and it's just bland ad
copy and it's not enticing at all hey
we're
five stars since 1973
who gives a damn
nobody gives a damn
what is in it for that end user you know
if the let's take this pest control
company for example um if it's a pest
control they don't care how long you've
been in business for they've got a
spider in their room and they want to
get rid of it now
you know so you have to go ahead and
have enticing ad copy on there but i
would definitely recommend just spending
some time on the actual search results
people spend way too much time in the
back end of google playing with all the
buttons and settings and they feel like
they're in a silo when you're really
competing against all these other people
in the world and you want to make sure
that you're the number one up there
oh yeah and i'd like to also look at the
organic results don't just look at the
other ad but you're also competing
against the organic so look for your
keywords look at the organic headlines
and meta descriptions that seo experts
somewhere have worked on and see if you
get some inspiration from there as well
um ud asks what is the best bidding
strategy for an e-commerce business for
e-commerce businesses i generally
recommend either maximize conversion
value or target ros because that's how
you tell google that you don't just care
if a conversion happened or not
but you want the most valuable
conversions people who are going to
spend the most money and that's worked
more to you if someone spends 200 versus
someone spends 100
so depending on what level of
sophistication we're dealing with kind
of earlier e-commerce businesses i'll
say maximize conversion value
more sophisticated e-commerce businesses
i'll go with target roads um what do you
say liam is that also what you would
recommend for e-commerce business bid
strategy
i i would um kind of throw a spanner in
the works for you hopefully you'll
disagree by the way i love disagreement
um so what i would kind of recommend is
to start off with like a max conversions
for e-commerce um and then after you
keep you're getting about 30 30 to 50
conversions a month over a 30-day period
that's when you kind of start to turn on
those target roads or a target cpa or
anything like that um i've found if you
go straight from
no traffic at all and then throwing on a
limiter like a like a target roads or or
anything like that you're gonna just die
you're not going to get any traffic come
through you're not going to get any
conversions and you're just going to
waste all that money so you want to kind
of teach this ai for a little bit and
just go here's all the conversions this
is what's actually converting for us
figure out what the natural kind of row
as is for those products and then you
can go ahead and play around with it
with the other the targets or the
maximized conversion value etc
so i actually agree with that starting
with what i call the maximize strategies
so like max conversions or max
conversion value if for some reason you
don't have conversion tracking max
clicks but just get conversion tracking
and do it um
and then once there's enough data to
learn flipping on um to the next level
to take your
campaigns to the max
um let's see we have a question what is
the name of your youtube channel um i'm
the google pro on youtube i have the
same username over there liam are you on
youtube as well
i have but i haven't uploaded yet um
i've started to get some followers that
have just naturally come over from tick
tock which is kind of exciting um we are
planning to start doing some longer form
content within the agency uh which is
pretty exciting 10 15 minute videos um
so eventually we will get there but um
i've just been so busy with all this
client work and kind of building this
business up um that i haven't actually
gone around to it so
fair enough fair enough and so joe here
who has the pest control business said i
had someone doing my ads and they said
it would take three months to pick up
would you agree
um
so the great thing about google ads is
that it is instant you know you can go
ahead and turn it on now when i say that
that's kind of um
it's kind of telling you a lie at the
exact same time just because we're
getting traffic doesn't mean it's the
exact traffic that you want and it's not
going to be profitable for you
it can take up to three months to go
ahead and dial it in and make sure it's
actually the traffic you want at the
right price and that's what they're
probably referring to but if it's saying
for it to pick up
you should be getting traffic straight
away you're literally staying standing
in front of google saying hey i want
those clicks here's my dollars take them
you know so
but that is a really important i'm
actually in a way depending how they
worded it joe glad they said that to you
because i think sometimes freelancers or
agencies do a disservice when they're
like google ads is instant right away
and you made such a great distinction
there liam like the traffic is instant
that doesn't mean that the conversions
and the profitability are instant and
that can take time and so that person
doing your ads is probably trying to do
some expectation setting with you not to
come hounding them on day three of like
why is my robot so bad
yeah exactly um so with it within my own
agency we actually have a three-month
minimum of people coming on board
because people do get scared within
those first few months and they see that
traffic kind of going up and down and
those kind of things but also at the end
of that 90 day period we have like a 100
money back guarantee which is kind of
cool so if you're not getting results by
the end of it we would literally just
give you back every single cent that
you've invested with us you know and
that just kind of
makes people feel a whole bunch more
secure about the decision to go ahead
and advertise on google
well it makes it like it's your money
because in a way it is your money
they're spending right if it's not there
so it's very cool um women's mobile
medical says i have a small budget for
advertising is google advertising worth
it
for a women's health clinic
really depends how you define worth it
were you gonna say the same thing
i said say define small budget because
i've had people
say i've got a small budget of 50 000 a
month and then i've had people that come
and say i've got a small budget of 500 a
month so a little bit more information
on that
but uh
oh we have another digital marketer in
the house
um liam todd maffin is here and sent a
request so i'm just adding him to our
live
hey todd thank you for for joining us
hello hello i don't know if you can see
me or anything or hear me
we can hear you we can't see you but i'm
loving this role reversal you get to be
a guest on my live instead of meeting
your guests on your podcast
exactly i'm on my uh my evening walk so
i just thought i would say hello
wonderful well for those who don't know
todd today in digital he runs the best
digital marketing podcast eight minutes
a day digital marketing news i
hate podcasts and it's the only one i
have to listen to um so there's an
endorsement for you i don't see any
passions of that one
um and it's a great way to stay in the
loophole and liam i'm not sure if you
two know each other or like talk to each
other i recognize the click agency's
name i think i think you've been in a
couple of my lives before or something
like that
i have i have been but i am an avid
listener to the uh to the podcast
actually how's the hot tub
it's excellent uh yesterday we learned
all about uh spa chemicals and i decided
that it was too much information i'm
going to leave it to my wife who has a
degree in cell biology
so she can handle the chemicals
there you go well wrapping up your
women's mobile medical is saying 250
a month i would probably say don't spend
that on google ads i don't think it's
going to drive um any kind of results
regardless how you define what's worth
it to your business
yeah yeah
probably what i'd say there uh next week
is big news in the google ads world
right is that next week google marketing
live
yeah
or the week after yeah i think it might
be i think it's a week after i think
may 24th maybe
yes yes yep oh it's the 2-4 weekend
may 25th yes week from today google
marketing live is the week from today
and for those who don't know who are
watching this live or watching replay
later um i call it like the super bowl
of the google ads world or the oscars in
the google ads world it's the big event
where google tells us all the changes
that are coming to google ads over the
next year for example performance max
which we talked about earlier
really only launched to all advertisers
in like january february but that was
announced at google marketing live
last year um so i'm wondering liam do
you have any
guesses or wishes for anything you're
hoping to see
at google marketing live this year
um
honestly i'm more reactive to
[Applause]
oh i'm sorry i'm sorry i didn't realize
it was picking that up i will leave then
because i'm walking on the side of a
road so i will leave all right well
thank you for popping in with us
yeah but um i hear a whole bunch of
different rumors come through the come
through the room in middle essentially
through the blogosphere and then all of
a sudden you know broad match modifier
is gone okay cool perfect just deal with
it straight away and move on to the next
thing so i always like to listen to
you know um
google marketing live and those kind of
things but i don't really react until i
kind of see the changes in my accounts
you know at the end of the day
so
how about yourself have you have you got
any got anything exciting
um uh i don't have inside scoop this
time around i've been out of google more
than a year now so i knew what was
coming last year i don't actually know
what's coming this year um i am hoping
for and thinking we're going to see more
features with performance max i think
we're going to start to see a bit more
reporting and transparency not the level
the people who probably want i'm totally
fine with that by the way but i think
we're going to get a little more
information there about what's actually
happening behind the curtain um i think
youtube ads are due for a giant overhaul
the creation process is confusing every
year they rename the things is it an
in-stream or an out stream or a
sequential like it's just
a total cluster um so i don't know if
they will but i have a hope that they'll
do something to just overhaul the way we
buy
youtube ads it feels like forgotten
stepchild backgrounds of google ads
uh one
we do want is negative keywords for uh
performance max campaigns that would be
a godsend
you know yes how do you do it if you
have a google app
yes if you have like a dedicated google
rep they can manually add but like even
that
as someone who worked at google i feel
comfortable saying that's like a very
ungoogly thing like normally google ads
is all about democratization and so the
fact that certain people have this
killer feature that others don't because
they spend more i just i don't it
doesn't i understand why there aren't
negative keywords i think people over
negative keyword their accounts and it
throttles the automation but
yeah i would like to see that
the only reason i do want it is to go
ahead and
have my own branded campaign so i have
the branded campaign and then a
performance max campaign which is kind
of the work engine going out to all the
all the different um
marketing channels and then you've got
remarketing on top of that as well so
you're kind of layering on this but
a lot of people want to know
how much is going towards brand and
non-brand searching and sales so that
would make my life a hell of a lot
easier um as an agency owner and people
coming up to me daily on a daily basis
like how much are we spending on brand
how much are we spending on this how
much are we spending on that and it's
just kind of a black
and i can't give that information to you
hey i know it's working
but i don't really know
where it kind of is where yeah
yeah actually one other prediction i
have and i haven't seen this anywhere
else is um
i think discovery campaigns are going to
go away i know google's killed off smart
shopping and killed off local and just
folded them into performance max
i just have a feeling they're going to
do the same to discovery and discovery
is now the only way to get gmail ads um
and for those who don't know who are
watching this discovery campaigns are
like a display campaign but it only
serves on google's own inventory and i
find the traffic quality usually much
higher
i feel like those might go away and then
okay one more prediction i have that
they've like sort of confirmed io but
not um is having an equivalent to the
facebook ads library google is coming up
with more features to show users
why you saw this ad and give users
control over their data i
don't know if they would but i hope we
get some kind of facebook ads library
feature where once you look at an
advertiser you could actually see
all the ads they're running i think that
would be really as an advertiser i think
that would be really helpful
yeah that would that would be absolutely
killer i know there is like a little
down arrow and you can kind of get a
little bit of information on about this
ad but there's no
library where you can kind of search up
other advertisers
um i'm actually spending a whole bunch
of money on this uh platform called ppc
ad lab and it literally gives you
ability to go out to the search engine
and type in the keywords in this
location and it will go and copy and
paste the ads for you so you can do that
competitive research which is out there
um but that library would kind of save
me a minute and be amazing
yeah and it's like there's precedent
facebook doesn't even if they started
with just like a youtube ads library
like feels i get why search can become
so personalized and dynamic whatever but
like a youtube ads library a display ads
library a discovery ads library
i would um
love that so i think that was really
cool a girl can dream
a recommendation here for a tool yeah
pulling a search for us from a domain
actually when you're at google it's
really helpful because you can actually
see all the search ads um so if i wanted
to research i could look up a keyword in
a specific place and see like everyone
who entered that auction and which ones
would have won the auction and we didn't
win the auction and which ad would have
gone in with and um
yeah
and google my business too joe as well
yeah google business profile google my
business absolutely great we'll have to
wrap up shortly because it's getting to
be labor i am now but liam anything else
you wanted to chat about today that we
didn't cover
no i i've had a really fun time actually
um i was pretty excited uh to kind of
jump on here and have a chat with you
just because i don't get much human
interaction
reading out reaching out
now it's been an absolute pleasure to
get to chat with you as well this is the
beauty of the for you page bringing
strangers together from across the globe
to share their love of google ads so
thank you to all of you for joining us
here live or for those of you who are
watching this replay on youtube right
now i'm jill the google pro if you want
to learn more about me my website is
jill.ca that's
j-y-l-l dot ca and i'm here with liam of
click agency who i'm guessing your
website is click dot agency
click dot agency click dot agency just
select the username throw it in the
throw it in the address bar
perfect and if you joined late and
missed the beginning no worries this
whole video will be on my youtube
channel that's youtube.com
c the google pro um so you can catch the
whole thing there liam thanks again
we'll have to do this again soon
beautiful thanks so much
have a good one bye